CEXT-4251: Update examples with customer data and product attributes (#323)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/use-cases.md

You can register multiple webhooks for different shipping methods or shipping carriers by adding them into the same batch to ensure they are executed in parallel or create multiple batches to execute them sequentially.

## Shipping methods: Payload

> The request payload contains information about all items in the cart, including product information and product attributes, shipping address, and customer information for logged-in customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request payload contains information about all items in the cart, including product information, product attributes, shipping address, and customer information for logged-in customers.
```

> The example of payload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payload example:
```

                        "color": "Red",
                        "country_origin": "Japan",
                        ...
                    }
                }
            }
        ],
        "dest_country_id": "US",
        "dest_region_id": 12,
        "dest_region_code": "CA",
        "dest_street": "3320 N Crescent Dr\nBeverly Hills",
        "dest_city": "Los Angeles",
        "dest_postcode": "70210",
        "package_value": 1100,
        "package_value_with_discount": 1100,
        "package_weight": 124,
        "package_qty": 2,
        "package_physical_value": 1100,
        "free_method_weight": 124,
        "store_id": 1,
        "website_id": "1",
        "free_shipping": 0,
        "base_currency": {
            "currency_code": "USD"
        },
        "package_currency": {
            "currency_code": "USD"
        },
        ...
        "customer": {
            "entity_id": "1",
            "website_id": "1",
            "email": "test@example.com",
            "group_id": "1",
            "firstname": "John",
            "middlename": null,
            "lastname": "Doe",
            ...
        }
    }
}
```

> You can find examples of how to use shipping addresses, customer data, or product attributes in your App Builder application here [`actions/shipping-methods.js`](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-checkout-starter-kit/blob/main/actions/shipping-methods/index.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find examples of how to use shipping addresses, customer data, and product attributes in your App Builder application in [`actions/shipping-methods.js`](https://github.com/adobe/commerce-checkout-starter-kit/blob/main/actions/shipping-methods/index.js).
```
